Now, with the course introduction
and all the basics out of the way,
and with Flutter and Android Studio and so on
installed on our system,
it's now finally time to dive into Flutter development
and to learn Flutter and Dart.
And for that, we're going to create a new project here.
So for that, again, use the cd command
to navigate into some folder on your system
where you want to create that project.
And then once you navigated there
in your terminal or command prompt,
you run "flutter create" to create a new project
and give it any name you want.
And I'll name it "flutter_complete_guide."
The project name is up to you,
but it should not contain any dots or dashes
or white spaces.
Instead, if you have multiple words,
separate them with underscores.
And the convention also is to use an all lowercase name
like I'm using it here.
And then simply hit enter, and as you learn,
this will now create a new folder
in that path where you navigated to before,
and stored these initial Flutter project files
in that folder.
And then we can again use Visual Studio Code
or Android Studio to open that folder.
And that's what I did here.
So then, be get our Flutter project here.
Now, this Flutter project, which I got here
has a web folder,
and I'll delete that folder since we're not going to build
for the web here.
So I'll just move that to trash.
But I'll keep all the other folders and files
which I have in there.
Now, I'll walk you through these folders and files
and what they do in the next lecture.
For the moment, I just want to make sure
that we have to same kind of starting project.
And to ensure this, attached you find my "pubspec.yaml" file
and a "main.dart" file.
And you should replace your "main.dart" file with mine
and delete any other files or folders you might have
in your lib folder with mine,
and replace your "pubspec.yaml" file with mine.
This is really important.
You then also might want to open this terminal,
and in that terminal, run "flutter packages get."
Typically this should not be required because Flutter
should run it behind the scenes automatically,
but this is important to ensure that Flutter picks up
that "pubspec.yaml" file, which I provided to you.
And this is really just important to ensure
that we're all starting on the same page
and you can follow along smoothly.
Now, as I said, in the next lecture,
I'll walk you through these folders and files.
For the moment, I just want to make sure
that we can start this project here
as an application on an emulator,
and you can use either the iOS or Android emulator,
but since everyone, including Windows users
will be able to use Android emulators,
I'll go for that.
So just as in the previous core section,
I'll quickly spin up an emulator again.
Of course, you might still have one
from the last section and then you can absolutely use that.
So, here I'll just quickly set up that emulator.
And once that emulator is up and running here,
we can run our Flutter app on that emulator,
either by using that terminal,
which you can open with terminal, new terminal,
and running "flutter run".
Or better, as you learned in the previous core section,
by going to "run," "run without debugging."
And then this should automatically run it.
Now you might get this dropdown where you have
to choose how you want to run your project.
And here, I will choose Dart and Flutter.
And then this will run your application on Android,
on the Android emulator and build it
as an Android app automatically since we
do have this Android emulator up and running here.
Now, the first time you run this,
as you saw in the previous core section
can take a bit longer.
But once this is finished,
we should have this counter app running
on the Android emulator again.
And then we can use this control panel up here
to reload this app whenever we need to do that.
But as I showed you in the last core section,
whenever you change your code
and you save your code changes,
the great thing about this way of running the Flutter app
is that it will automatically reload
whenever you change your code.
So, let's now wait for this to start up.
And here we go, here's this application.
And again, if it just started, it might still be a bit slow,
but it should get more responsive quickly.
And then you can play around with it here,
and edit your code here.
And therefore that's now what we're going
to do for all the discourse section.
In the next lecture,
we'll explore the files and folders we got here
and what they do.